c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe.config
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.pdb
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.g.resources
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.exe
c:\users\sakashita2325.kyowant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.pdb
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\xdwapiwn.dll
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MyWindow\View\InsertionCursor.g.cs
C:\Users\SAKASHITA2325.KYOWANT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MyWindow\View\InsertionCursor.baml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe.config
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.pdb
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\QuickConverter.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\xdwapiwn.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Common\ControlResourceDictionary.baml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.g.resources
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.exe
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.pdb
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe.config
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.exe
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Binder.pdb
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\QuickConverter.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\xdwapiwn.dll
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Common\ControlResourceDictionary.baml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.g.resources
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.exe
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.pdb
E:\Software\MyApp\Binder\Program\Binder\obj\Debug\Binder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
